Readme.md, before:

Boost libraries - trimmed down for Azahar
========================================

This is a subset of Boost v1.89.0 generated using the bcp tool. To get a list of boost modules guaranteed to exist, check the build script.

Updating this repo (on Windows)
===============================

To update the Boost version (or to add a new library) follow these steps:

  - Download Boost and extract the package, then launch Powershell and `cd` to the `boost_1_xx_0` directory.
  - Build the `bcp` tool:
    ```
    .\bootstrap.bat
    .\b2 tools\bcp
    ```

  - Store the boost directory in a variable for later use: `$boost_dir = $pwd`.
  - Add bcp to your path: `$env:Path += ";$boost_dir\bin.v2\tools\bcp\msvc-14.2\release\link-static\threading-multi"` (The correct output path should be printed by b2 during the build.)
  - `cd` to this repo's directory (`...\externals\boost\`)
  - Remove the existing boost from the repo: `rm -r boost` (This is only necessary if doing a Boost version upgrade, in case they removed any files in the new version.)
  - Run `.\build.cmd $boost_dir` to build a new trimmed down distro.
  - Add/remove all files in git and commit.

Commit message:

Readme.md: Document macOS update process

Readme.md, after:

Boost libraries - trimmed down for Azahar
========================================

This is a subset of Boost v1.89.0 generated using the bcp tool. To get a list of boost modules guaranteed to exist, check the build script.

Updating this repo on Windows
===============================

To update the Boost version (or to add a new library) follow these steps:

  - Download Boost and extract the package, then launch Powershell and `cd` to the `boost_1_xx_0` directory.
  - Build the `bcp` tool:
    ```
    .\bootstrap.bat
    .\b2 tools\bcp
    ```

  - Store the boost directory in a variable for later use: `$boost_dir = $pwd`.
  - Add bcp to your path: `$env:Path += ";$boost_dir\bin.v2\tools\bcp\msvc-14.2\release\link-static\threading-multi"` (The correct output path should be printed by b2 during the build.)
  - `cd` to this repo's directory (`...\externals\boost\`)
  - Remove the existing boost from the repo: `rm -r boost` (This is only necessary if doing a Boost version upgrade, in case they removed any files in the new version.)
  - Run `.\build.cmd $boost_dir` to build a new trimmed down distro.
  - Add/remove all files in git and commit.

Updating this repo on macOS
===============================

To update the Boost version (or to add a new library) follow these steps:

  - Download Boost and extract the package, then launch Powershell and `cd` to the `boost_1_xx_0` directory.
  - Build the `bcp` tool:
    ```
    ./bootstrap.sh
    ./b2 tools/bcp
    ```

  - Store the boost directory in a variable for later use: `export boost_dir=$(pwd)`.
  - Add bcp to your path: `export PATH="$boost_dir/bin.v2/tools/bcp/clang-darwin-[VERSION]/debug/arm_64/cxxstd-11-iso/link-static/threading-multi/visibility-hidden/:$PATH"` (The correct output path should be printed by b2 during the build.) <!-- Why is this a debug build by default on macOS? -->
  - `cd` to this repo's directory (`.../externals/boost/`)
  - Remove the existing boost from the repo: `rm -r boost` (This is only necessary if doing a Boost version upgrade, in case they removed any files in the new version.)
  - Run `./build.sh $boost_dir` to build a new trimmed down distro.
  - Add/remove all files in git and commit.
